Make replication slots for members behave like permanent slots (#3108)
patroni/patroni: docs/dynamic_configuration.rst

   -  **archive\_cleanup\_command**: cleanup command for standby leader
   -  **recovery\_min\_apply\_delay**: how long to wait before actually apply WAL records on a standby leader

> -  **member_slots_ttl**: retention time of physical replication slots for replicas whey they are shut down. Default value: `30min`, set it to `0` if you want to keep the old behavior (when the member key expires from DCS slot is immediately removed). The feature works only starting from PostgreSQL 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **member_slots_ttl**: retention time of physical replication slots for replicas when they are shut down. Default value: `30min`. Set it to `0` if you want to keep the old behavior (when the member key expires from DCS, the slot is immediately removed). The feature works only starting from PostgreSQL 11.
```

            type: physical
          ...

> Note: When running PostgreSQL v11 or newer Patroni maintains physical replication slots on all nodes that could potentially become a leader, so that replica nodes keep WAL segments reserved if they potentially required by other nodes. In case if the node is absent and its member key in DCS expired, corresponding replication slot is dropped after ``member_slots_ttl`` (default value is `30min`). You can increase or decrease retention based on your needs. Alternatively, if your cluster topology is static (fixed number of nodes that never change their names) you can configure permanent physical replication slots with names corresponding to names of nodes to avoid slots removal and recycling of WAL files while replica is temporary down:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When running PostgreSQL v11 or newer Patroni maintains physical replication slots on all nodes that could potentially become a leader, so that replica nodes keep WAL segments reserved if they are potentially required by other nodes. In case the node is absent and its member key in DCS gets expired, the corresponding replication slot is dropped after ``member_slots_ttl`` (default value is `30min`). You can increase or decrease retention based on your needs. Alternatively, if your cluster topology is static (fixed number of nodes that never change their names) you can configure permanent physical replication slots with names corresponding to the names of the nodes to avoid slots removal and recycling of WAL files while replica is temporarily down:
```
